just for deaf people
responsible for the orientation of the
engineering school
can you tell us why a boy
should choose to attend
management engineering here at liuc
yes we say that we can summarize in
three reasons why a student should
come here to castellanza in this
fantastic campus to study engineering
management
the first is that this speed is
university really very close to
industrial context to us companies
we teach the logistics the production the
We do not teach marketing and finance
practically with the forts
practical implications with teaching
particularly experiential with class
also district and with routes of
excellence and with a whole series of
activities that kids do both
universities and companies, perhaps
followed by tutors who may not be
john and researchers but are in fact gods
real production or real directors
establishment manager then in
reality our engineering and one
engineering with a strong focus
industrial but also with a fort
address to business and services
to information technology and so it is
certainly very close to those that
are the concrete needs of companies
so much so that our students do not
find not find
the crisis not in about 20 days
we are able to place our graduates
in the best companies not only of the
territory but of all Italy e
even abroad
the second reason is obviously that
this in the student-friendly city
therefore whatever is needed
student with special requests
they are served in no time here
there is a structure particularly
efficient so there are no queues not
there is no bureaucracy there is a counter e
this really causes the student
have the road flattened then should
just think about studying a
focus on striving to overcome
everything else is provided instead
from university as a service to another
had reached in the third and final
perhaps the most important is that this
in the city with particular faculty
engineering has a strong vocation
international our students indeed
for over 40 percent go
third fourth and fifth year to live
an experience abroad that together a
erasmus project that is in an exchange
university with another university
rather than even looking for the
double title the notes we make different
English courses we have teachers
mother tongue then English but also
other foreign languages ​​are for us
really the path to follow for not
have problems in the future when
you will have to look for carona